docs: update Linux support policy (#52429)
electron/electron: README.md

* macOS (Ventura and up): Electron provides 64-bit Intel and Apple Silicon / ARM binaries for macOS.
* Windows (Windows 10 and up): Electron provides `x64` (`amd64`) and `arm64` binaries for Windows.

> * Linux: Electron supports major distributions (e.g., Ubuntu, Fedora, Arch Linux) in versions that are still supported by the distro makers. The prebuilt binaries are built on Ubuntu.

Author: Having examples is good IMO.

> * Linux: Electron supports major distributions (e.g., Ubuntu, Fedora, Arch Linux) in versions that are still supported by the distro makers. The prebuilt binaries are built on Ubuntu.

Reviewer: A few comments:

- Here, we're mentioning Arch Linux by name for the first time, not sure if we've done this before. We could stick with Ubuntu/Fedora/Debian to keep examples but avoid changing the list of mentioned distros.

- We should mention the architectures we support for Linux as well, in line with the macOS and Windows lines.

- At the top level, it'd be helpful to mention [Chrome's platform support](https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95346) documentation because we generally drop support in line with what Chrome does.

Reviewer 2: This might need a larger discussion but my 2c: Arch is a huge and popular family which includes SteamOS. It is architecturally different enough from Deb and RPM-based distros that it deserves be named as its own category, so its inclusion here is more significant than a one-off mention of an individual distribution.

Arch also packages Electron directly and shares it between apps, which has some unique consequences for the project: https://archlinux.org/packages/extra/x86_64/electron43/.

In practice, the project has made accommodations for Arch in the past, and I don't think we'd let it slide if Electron suddenly stopped working completely on all Arch-based distros  —  that wouldn't really meet the bar of "Linux support" in 2026. So I think it's appropriate to mention Arch as a supported category in the context of the trio of "Debian/Ubuntu(-based), Fedora(-based), and Arch(-based)" without that necessarily meaning that any given configuration of any Arch fork will always work, since there's so much variety.

Author: Thanks for the review!

- **Examples:** I honestly don't care what the examples are. :) It's a non-exhaustive list. Arch is a major Linux distribution, so it would fall under the definition. I know @VerteDinde is using Arch to test Linux stuff. I'm happy to switch it back to Debian, but we'd have to support Arch anyway because of how important of a distro it is. @mitchchn Do you have a strong preference for including Arch?
- **Architectures:** That should be x64 and arm64, right? Will update when we have consensus on distros.
- **Chrome docs:** Good idea! Will add that, too, when we have consensus on distros.

Reviewer 3: I agree that we should do what we can to support Arch, but it isn't one of the officially supported distros for Chromium: https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95346#zippy=%2Clinux.  Additionally because Arch does package Electron directly, we can't fully support Arch as we don't own the whole distribution chain.  It kind of fits into a fuzzy support category where yes we will do what we can but given our dependency on Chromium, we can't guarantee full support.

I also think this wording is problematic:
> in versions that are still supported by the distro makers.

It's possible that Chromium could (but probably won't) drop support for a version that is still supported by the distro makers. I'd rather say something like:

>  in versions that are still supported by Chromium.

Author: If there's a lot of debate around Arch, let's just replace it with Debian here. It's a list of examples. It doesn't change whether we do in fact support Arch.

I've also added "still supported by Chromium" and made the changes that @erickzhao suggested.

I think it's important to have "still supported by the distro maker" in there. Let's take Ubuntu as an example. Ubuntu releases LTS versions every two years (18.04, 20.04, 22.04, etc.). Those are supported for many years. In between, they release three interim releases (18.10, 19.04, 19.10) which are only supported for 9 months. It's where they do lots of experiments, which they regularly also roll back. We shouldn't support experimental releases that Ubuntu no longer supports. Chromium just says 18.04+ is supported, but 18.10 went EOL on July 18, 2019. I want to explicitly mention that we do not support these versions because we do get issues filed against them and I'd like to have a basis to ask the issue creator to test against supported versions.

* macOS (Ventura and up): Electron provides 64-bit Intel and Apple Silicon / ARM binaries for macOS.
* Windows (Windows 10 and up): Electron provides `x64` (`amd64`) and `arm64` binaries for Windows.

> * Linux: Electron provides `x64` (`amd64`) and `arm64` binaries for Linux. Electron supports major Linux distributions (e.g., Ubuntu, Fedora, Debian) in versions that are still supported by Chromium and by the distro maker. The prebuilt binaries are built on Ubuntu.

Reviewer 4: - I'd like to make it explicit that we don't support OS versions that are so old that, even though the distro maker *does* support them, it requires a paid plan, eg 18.04 and 16.04 via an Ubuntu Pro subscription. 🤔 It's kind of difficult to state this without making it more confusing, but maybe this would work:

```suggestion
* Linux: Electron provides `x64` (`amd64`) and `arm64` binaries for Linux. Electron supports major Linux distributions (e.g., Ubuntu, Fedora, Debian) in versions that are supported by Chromium and are in the distributon maker's regular support lifecycle. The prebuilt binaries are built on Ubuntu.
```

Author: That's a great point! Thanks for the review. :pray:

I've added "(without requiring a paid subscription)". I hope the meaning of that is clear. :)

I think people will be confused by what "in the distributon maker's regular support lifecycle" means.
